1. Validation to Pin code while registering the institute.(Done)
   Validation to mobile number while registering the institute.(Done)
2. Change in instructions on 'registrationsuccess' page 
and in 'Institute Registration Successful' email template.(Done)
3. Back dated academic year- start & end date, only for WBL(Done)
4. Course code is not allowing space & dash(-) in between 
the codes.(Can't, Discussed with Deepti mam )
5. Keep the course type as- Theory, Project/Report (Done)
(For IGNOU it is Theory and Internship report & for YCMOU it is Theory & Mini Project)
6. Per page- drop down value- 'Show a alot' (Done)
7. Change label- Student--> Intern (i18N)(Done)
8. While entering the Employee code in 'Add single faculty'
 it is accepting space in the code (Ex:Mentor 1), 
but in 'Add multiple faculties' it is not accepting 
the space in the code (Ex: Mentor2).(Done)
9. While generating the report of users details what if a 
user type is selected and in employee code we provide 
'All' as a option instead of seleting a specific Employee 
code? Is it possible?(discuss with Deepti mam)
10. In 'Class course allocation' can we have multi-select 
option to select the subjects?(No)
11. I have added two mentors & two appraisers. 
Later I have removed those two appraisers from 'List of 
Faculty'. But still, i could see those two appraisers in 
'Login & password recovery' section.(Done)
12.While registering the Workplaces, kindly keep the 
'Select Sector' drop down values in alphabetical order(Done)
13. Intake option in multiple centres registration template 
in super admin login, but no field in single institute registration
(Discussed with Aiswariya & Deepti mam, Done)
14. Proper Error Description in Downloaded Excel while
multiple registration of institutes(informed to Aiswariya, Done)
15. Subject Type Incase of Jobprofile (Workplace)
(Discussed with Deepti mam, Done)
16. Label on toggle button (Done)
17. RTFEditor on jobprofile(Done)
18. If no Email also, activity should work (Done)
19. WBL specific Email Templates (Explained to Mrunalini,Done) 
